Since the agreement signed by the husband before does not count
Then I am now
As the sole heir to the Lin family
Giving you the Lin's Group
Really, honey?
Thank you, I love you.
I don't agree. What qualifications do you have?
Just because I am also the heir of the Lin Group
What what what what want to get the transfer letter
You need my permission.
This relationship is confusing me
Our Lin family
When did you have such an heir?
You are already the president of the Shure Group
You are always staring at the antisense assets of our Lin Group
Why did you pretend to be me first?
Now I'm pretending to be the heir of the Lin family again
What do you really want?